# S1E1

Introduce the viewer to the project's inception, offering, purpose, process, and next steps.

## Hook

- It's been some time since we've vlogged here at OpsFactory, but it's time to get things going again
- This time we have a series of videos for you focusing on OSS development and Serverless
- If you've never taken a project from zero to deployed, then here is your chance
- Are you up for the challange? It's only to be a long one, so let's jump in...

## Introduction

- Hello, Mike here and today I'm going to introduce you to a new series about software development
- How would you like to learn how-to stitch together Go, Swift, TDD, Docker, Serverless, AWS API Gateway & Lambda? All in one open-source project anyone can deploy and use?
- Sounds fancy, and it is, but what exactly are we going to be doing?
- Well it's a simple project consisting of three parts: an HTTPS API, a CLI tool, and in time an iOS app
- (Don't worry, I do plan on making an Android app too!)
- Using Go, Swift, TravisCI, Docker, Serverless and AWS, we're going to develop a complete solution anyone can use to learn one of themany ways to build a software project
- But what is it problem we'll be solving?
- We have to have some problem to solve otherwise we're just moving forward in no particular direction, right?

## Body

- My family and I love Christmas and birthdays
- More specifically we love to celebrate them and share gifts, as most do
- But after coming into my fiancé's family, I discovered pretty quickly that email was the primary choice of sharing "wish lists"
- As you can imagine, it was really easy to forget what you'd commited to, what others had commited to, what was even on the lists in the first place
- And sometimes people even clashed and bought the same gift - not good...
- So how are we going to solve this?

### Super Wish Lists

- Super Wish Lists is going to be an open-source solution based on Serverless and mobile technologies and it's going to solve this problem for use
- Providing a simple UI and some cool features, we're going to enable to create a wish list and share it with friends and family
- Everyone invited to the list can then mark items as "to buy" or "bought", but the fun part is the owner of the list never sees this happening
- They're none the wiser and as far as they're concerned, no one has even looked at the lists
- It's sneaky, but allows us all to communicate with each about what to be whilst maintaining the surprise

### Process


## Call to Action